<speak>

<p>Interview: Dalgaard Opens up about Far Zenith, a little</p>

February 28, 2061. Osvald Dalgaard never stops smiling. Before last month,
the Danish tech wunderkind was known primarily as the creator and CEO of
AllSeeing.holo, the world's most popular holofilm sharing service. But for the
past few weeks, Dalgaard has been the public face of Far Zenith, the
self-described "futurist consortium" responsible for reviving the Odyssey
colony ship project. Osvald seems an unlikely spokesman for a shadowy group of
billionaires, but maybe that's the point. He is bright-eyed, handsome in a
nerdy rail-thin way, endlessly enthusiastic. When I arrive at the AllSeeing
offices for our interview, he glances behind me as if waiting for a holocamera
crew to swarm in in my wake. "So this will be published as text? An article?"
He speaks English with barely any accent at all. I nod and his smile
impossibly widens. "That is just incredible. Really, real super quaint. Love
it."

Osvald's countenance may be exuberantly inviting, but the organization for
which he serves as mouthpiece is anything but. To date, he is the only
publicly acknowledged member of Far Zenith, which claims to comprise
seventy-seven of the world's wealthiest persons. "It's more fun this way
don't you think" asks Osvald. "The mystery. It's, what would you call it,
It's stagecraft. Far Zenith is as much performance art as it is a functional
futurist endeavor. Although it's that as well. I can tell you that there's
nothing sinister about it. We are devoted not only to extending humanity's
legacy beyond this solar system, but also to making the world, sexier I
suppose. More interesting. Far Zenith is science and transcendence, but it's
also fashion. Rock and roll. You see?"

Well, no I don't, but I don't tell Osvald that. Instead, I ask him a question
that's been on the minds of a lot of people since Far Zenith purchased the
unfinished colony ship. If the combined efforts of the US, China, India, Japan,
and the Western European Alliance couldn't finish the Odyssey, what makes Far
Zenith think it can?

"Ah," he says. "Here's where I get to blow your mind. Very exciting. We are
not interested in escaping a dying world. For us this is not an act of panic
or, ah, adrenal survival reflex. The Odyssey, under the stewardship of Far
Zenith will be a triumph not a retreat. This is why we will succeed. Why we
already have succeeded really." Osvald makes it hard to press for answers.
His answers are labyrinth eyen, but something in his tone and his body language
makes them feel downright linear. How much of this is a put-on and 
<prosody volume='x-soft' rate='x-slow' pitch='x-low'>data corrupted</prosody>

</speak>