<speak>

Incident Information Report: Firebreak Project
Type: Property damage and personal injury
Date of Incident: November 4, 2063
Time of Incident: 04:11
Reporter: Jørgen Holm

As Official Incident Reporter for the Firebreak project, it is with great
concern that I report of an incident at our facility.

Incident began from a swarm of 35 seismic events beginning on 3rd and 4th of
November, ~9.6 km (6 miles) NNW of Mammoth, WY. Included were four in the
magnitude of 2 range, with the largest (magnitude 2.4) at 04:09 the 4th
November. Holographic modeling shows most quakes originating at the Hebgen
Lake fault zone.

As the project’s Senior Geoscientist, I advise this number and magnitude
seismic events is a normal outcome from fluid movement through the caldera’s
silicic magma reservoir, as well as changes of pressure coming in interactions
between magma and super-cooled fluid. However, one can be never too careful in
such an unstable environment, shown further in this report.

The incident began when I was wakened from a loud crash in the canteen.
Fortunately I did not have to rouse the official Canteen Monitor, since I am
that selfsame person. Even while acting in my formal office, I was alarmed and
feared the worst.

Inspection of the zone showed the tragic loss of a 15 mL bottle of nail
lacquer in deep crimson, shattered on the canteen floor. Lacquer also splashed
on the surroundings at an area of approximately 1e6 m2. One chair was tipped
over on its side, but happily I had the mechanical knowledge to right it
without further incident. The bottle of nail lacquer is irreparable. Moreover,
the Canteen Monitor suffered a cut to the left hand when picking up broken
glass. This was treated by the Site First Aider (me) with supervision of the
Fire Marshal (also me), but could still get infected.

Gina Bruno is identified as the owner of the bottle of nail lacquer. In my
capacity as Staff Psychological Observer, I conclude that she has accepted the
loss of her personal item in a good fashion, but further evaluation may be
necessary. We will keep the Remote Site Supervisor informed of developments in
such a case.

Please, find following this report my salary increase request for the coming
calendar year.

</speak>