<speak>

After I put the pieces together about the swarm, there's a million things I
could have done: Contemplated my own death, contacted everyone I've ever known
and loved, gotten drunk. But, of course, being me, I obsessed about whether or
not I should text Anita.

Whatever resistance is being mounted against the war machines, she's part of
it. Who am I, then, to bother her? Would she even be able to respond? If she's
dealing with the military, would her communications be monitored?

But she saved me the trouble. Gotta admit, I was a little disappointed when
her message didn't consist of "I will always love you." Instead, she wanted
data samples from CYAN's confidential log, the one that pertains to emotional
responses. Under any other circumstances, I would have refused. The very thing
we had tried to keep secret for years, and she wants to share it?

But I sent the log, because she wouldn't ask if she didn't need it. I can't
understand why, though. Sounds like she's helping to develop an AI, but how
could that possibly help stop the swarm?

I guess I'll never know.

There was so much I wanted to say to her, but none of it seemed fair. I'm
guessing she has her hands full trying to save the world, and frankly, I
remember that feeling.

In the end, I settled for an ineffectual confirmation, hoping against hope
that she would cast aside my fears. Nope.

KENNY: Is it as bad as I think it is?
ANITA: Worse.
ANITA: Go be with your sister, and tell CYAN that I said goodbye.

So that's it. Untold destruction awaits. Billions of lives. My own, my
family's. And yet my mind keeps coming back to Anita. I'll never see her
again, feel her touch, hear her voice. No final embrace, no closure.

That desire to end things properly, that need, shames me when I think about my
dithering over CYAN. I've gone over every possible scenario, every possible
version of the speech, trying to predict how she'll react when I tell her...
well, what I need to tell her.

But that's the thing - I can't predict her reaction for one very simple
reason: She's human, in every way that matters.

I've got to be there for her, to give her the moment she needs. Just like the
rest of us, it's the very least she deserves.

</speak>
