Hello. My name is Norm, and I am the creator of the Game Shows channel videos.

This is a behind the scenes look at two short cinematic scenes featured in
Chapter 54 of my Horizon Zero Dawn playthrough, where I made some changes
rather than using the footage straight as it comes out of the game. And I'm
going to explain why I spent more or less an entire working day on making
those changes, rather than leaving the footage as it was.

Bear in mind, this will include the ending of the mission, so if you haven't 
yet watched that chapter, or played to that part of the game, this will spoil
it for you, so maybe stop watching now.

The sequence in question is Aloy being thrown into the Sun Ring by Helis,
and her subsequent escape.

Let's start with the game's version of the sequence.

Once Helis has finished talking with Aloy, he walks away, we cut to a speech
he gives the crowd, and Aloy is dropped into the pit to face the Behemoth.
During the entire conversation with Helis there is no evidence that there
is already a crowd in the Sun Ring. You don't see or hear anyone other than
Helis and Aloy.

In my edit of this sequence I fade to black, and before fading back up,
overlay the crowd noise. This gives a sense that that time has passed, that
the crowd has gathered, and also shows that the crowd is anxious for something
to happen. This means when the camera returns to Aloy, the way she is sat and
the expression on her face hopefully better conveys the impression that she
has been sat there listening to the crowd eager for the spectacle of a fight.

The next change I make is to the music. Now, Horizon makes great use of music,
especially in cinematic sequences. In this sequence, we get drumbeats as Helis
approaches his balcony to give a speech, which then stop as he starts talking.
Then the drums return to punctuate some of his statements, and the appearance
of the Corruptors.

In my edit, I keep the music away until the point where Corruptors appear. I
am using the music to emphasise their appearance, and that their presence is
the real threat at this point in the game.

I also take the time to remove any visual glitches. People and objects
suddenly appearing as the game engine failed to load them quickly enough,
textures changing. For example, here as the Corruptors come into the ring,
some of the crowd are suddenly shifted across the screen, and everyone is
floating in midair. 

The thing is when you're playing a game, this is a one-off, and little
annoyances like that are something you can generally live with. Indeed, you
may not even notice, they go by so quickly. But my essential conceit with this
channel is treating video game footage more like televisual content, such as
trying to arrange the story into chapters. It is something you watch rather
than control. So I want the end result to be as glitch free as possible.

Now this isn't always easy to do, especially if it is on screen too long or is
in a sequence without easy places to cut. For example, during the gameplay
when Aloy has no weapons, I swung the camera around and the gates to the Sun
Ring were missing. No matter how many times I captured this sequence, it kept
happening, so in the end I left it in and timed it to appear just after Aloy
says "there's no way out of this ring".

You can also see it in Chapter 19, during the fight in Lone Light where
an entire building is missing when the camera swings around and then suddenly
pops back into place.

After the fight, we get another cinematic sequence.

In the original sequence, after getting onto the Strider and turning around,
we cut to the cloud at the gates and three overridden Ravagers appear. Very
impressive, crowd goes wild. But then we get a wide shot, and we see Sylens
and Aloy on Striders, the Corruptors, and the newly made hole in the wall.
Where are the Ravagers?

Shooting, shooting, and if we rewind this and go frame by frame you can see
the Ravagers appear on the edge of the picture just before it cuts. Then in
this part, we've just seen Aloy ride past, so where is she here? Wide shot,
and there she is with Sylens. Helis gets annoyed.

Essentially, the scene introduces the Ravagers, whips them away, and then puts
them back in again. Possibly because then there would be too many high
resolution models on screen at once. 

One of the problems I have when I make these videos is that as I am editing
the footage I will end up watching a sequence like this many times, and
continuity like this annoy me. So I end up having to quote-unquote fix the
problem in order to calm my nerves.

I change the order so that the Ravagers appear as Sylens and Aloy are running
past the Corruptors. Crowd still goes wild.

Then as disappear into the cloud, and then there's a fairly standard thing
where the game fades to black. Because it is loading, you can't avoid things
like that, so the game traditionally fades to black. But the crowd noise
continues inexplicably. You get the mission ding, irritatingly without any
text on screen. Babbling brook sound, and then the game has finished loading
and fades back up to Aloy and Sylens having a conversation, adding more
exposition to the game.

In my edit, the crowd noise goes away, and there's no excessive wait. And one
of the side effects of making small adjustments to video, trimming out two or
three frames here because of a visual glitch, or taking out half a second or
more where there's footage that you're just not including, the end result is
that the music no longer lines up.

In this case, that provides a useful side effect, where the music continues
beyond the point where Aloy disappear into the dust cloud, and into the
conversation. The music essentially connects them, gluing the cinematic
and the conversation together.
