<speak>

Such a close thing.

It's been what, 43 hours since Herres warned me? Said collapse of the eastern
line was imminent, swarms launching some kind of pincer maneuver vs. the
Wichita salient.

Five or six days more and I think GAIA could have launched without our help. I
really do.

We had to scramble. Zed Dee became a madhouse. Absolute bedlam, every team rushing
to stabilize code and lock it down, as Gammas got evacuated then Betas.

Once GAIA was on her way, I gathered the Alphas together to give them the bad
news. Felt like I was going to throw up. But they already knew of course.
They knew the work wasn't really finished. Close, but not quite there. Still
tests to run, kinks to smooth, work to do. So they accepted it. No Elysium for
us. We'll spend the rest of our lives here, testing and polishing each
subordinate function to perfection.

Guess that's what you get when you recruit a bunch of obsessive
perfectionists. Managed not to cry until I got back to my office.

So here we are, setting up GAIA Prime. And yeah, such a close thing. Makes me
feel nauseated all over again when I contemplate how the fate of life could
hinge on coincidence. If I'd never proposed the Lightkeeper protocol, there
never would have been living spaces constructed here. If I'd abandoned the
protocol sooner, the necessary life support systems never would have been
installed. IF, IF, IF. At least we won't have to endure the creepiness of
raising and training clones of ourselves. The genetic material was never
processed out of the cradle sites, so it's not even possible. For which I'm
glad. I really <emphasis>really</emphasis> wouldn't want to spend time around a young Travis Tate
raised by Travis Tate. No, it'll be up to us to perfect GAIA, one generation
only.

Update: That was General Herres. The salient has collapsed. USRC expects to be
overrun in two days, which gives us 72 hours at best to lock down and seal up.

Buried alive, for life's sake.

I'll go tell the others.

</speak>