<speak>

I was surprised when FAZ sent me out here, and not just because the meeting
was going to be held in real-space. I was surprised to discover that anyone
at FAZ still knew I existed.

When I returned to work after treatment, HR informed me I'd been reassigned to
the Vantage project. It was exactly the professional death sentence I was
expecting, the career equivalent of getting sent into a Red Zone without an
environment suit.

Everyone knew Vantage was one of those doomed projects FAZ kept around solely
for the purpose of assigning dead-enders to them. Especially "head cases" like
me, who couldn't be summarily fired for fear of parity litigation. Month by
month, management would pile losers on a lost cause, then cancel the project
and lay everyone off.

A ship of fools sunk with a single torpedo. Ain't wrongful dismissal if it's
down-sizing.

I had nothing better to do, so I spent my time studying the tech. Chip design
wasn't my forte, but I knew enough to admire what the engineers had
accomplished with the Eternity chip. Stored data was guaranteed to last 50,000
years or more without degradation. As for Vantage itself, the project was
little more than a failed marketing plan. The idea was to promote the tech by
burying unlocked Eternity chips at scenic locales around the world. Public
domain time capsules where enthusiasts could cache date-locked data. The
project got as far as developing the "spikes", portable drill applicators, to
sink the chips, then stalled when Grass-Heckel encapsulates came on the market
and stole Eternity's thunder.

Anyway. I'd been at Vantage three weeks when FAZ unexpectedly sent me out here
for a real-space meeting. Me, a dead-ender working a doomed project,
dispatched to a high-security FAZ R and D site inside King's Peak. It didn't make
sense.

Security put me in a small conference room and told me to wait. It was
downright claustrophobic, dim lights, bad ventilation, more like an
interrogation room from one of those '90s cop vids. But what really got my
attention was the noises coming through the walls: the non-stop bang and
clatter of construction bots building something deep in the
mountain, something big.

The door opened and some doofs wearing FAZ badges file in. I recognized one of
them. Brad Andac, a military division replications engineer I met when I first
joined the company, but I don't think he recognized me. He stayed at the back
of the room the whole time, looking distraught.

I was about to ask what the hell was going on when a woman wearing a hijab
walked in. She didn't introduce herself, but she didn't have to. It was Samina
Ebadji, former lead archivist of the Odyssey, architect of the entire HOMER
project. Not a global celebrity by any means, but if you grew up following the
Odyssey project like I did, you knew her on sight.

Ebadji sat down and started asking extremely precise questions about the
upper-range tolerances of Eternity chips. Then she asked me to speculate about
the feasibility of various upgrade paths. The interview lasted maybe ten
minutes, whereupon she thanked me for my time and left. Everyone else filed
out after her.

Security came for me a few minutes later and escorted me to my vert. The whole
way back to FAZ, I kept trying to figure what had just happened. What was
Samina Ebadji doing at a classified Faro R and D site, asking me questions about
Eternity tech? It didn't add up.

By the time I landed I knew I wasn't going to give up until I'd puzzled it
out. The worst that could happen was I'd get fired, and that was going to
happen anyway.

It took a couple days and some geo-work, but I got a fix on Brad Andac soon
enough. He was going to a different bar every night, drinking to the point of
blacking out. I shadowed him until I managed to proxy his Focus and dupe his
net protocols.

I didn't find anything strange in his financial records or media patterns. I
was starting to think I'd wasted my time.

Then I accessed his dreamBoX account and found the journal he'd been keeping
the past few weeks.

It was all there. How the world would end.

My first thought was, well, at least my Ma didn't live to see this.

My second thought was that nothing mattered anymore.

Which made it pretty obvious that I should kill myself."

</speak>
