<speak>

It was August. Summer school had wrapped, and I'd aced my courses, so I was
heading back to tenth grade with a good head of steam. As a reward for my
studies (and my sobriety), you and Wyatt gave me a Fullerton Labs AstroProdigy
and took me camping to watch the Perseids at their peak. I was amped!

Wyatt spent all afternoon struggling with a "self-constructing shelter" he'd
bought for the trip, until finally he gave up and built the damn thing
manually (well, the sleeping pods anyway) while we made a fire and cooked
dinner. It must've taken a lot out of him, because Wyatt was nodding off at
dinner and went to bed soon after.

As night fell, we sat and watched the meteors streak across the sky like
fingernail scratches, marveling at their abundance, laughing our delight.
After an hour or so you asked me to teach you the constellations, so I
launched the AstroProdigy and played professor, spouting off about each star
group as the drone magnified them.

Later, I had it zoom in on the Odyssey, which was still being constructed in
orbit back then (it was another year or two before they abandoned it). We
could actually see the robots building it, zipping across the hull like little
fireflies. So I jabbered about that, which got me started on yammering about
the robots that Faro and other corporations - even Metallurgic - had begun
sending up to mine helium-3 from Luna and metals from the asteroid belt.

The more I spoke about space tech, the more excited I became. But I was
getting cold too - deserts at night are like that. So I sat back down next to
you and we huddled under the camp blanket. For a little while we were quiet; I
wanted to say what I was thinking, but it felt ridiculous. But then Wyatt
snored explosively from inside the shelter, and we giggled, and our laughter
seemed to make an opening for me to just go ahead and say it: that I - your
delinquent son who'd almost flunked out of high school, who'd nearly died of
an oh dee at a bashcore concert - wanted to be an aerospace engineer and make the
sorts of machines we'd been talking about: robots to gather resources in the
solar system, maybe even ones that could travel to other stars and colonize
new worlds.

You looked at me and smiled. "Then that is what you will do." And then you
looked up at the night sky and said, very plainly, as though it was a simple
fact. "You will write the story of our family across the stars."

School started the next week, and I never looked back.

</speak>
